{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue153;}
\margl1440\margr1440\margb1800\margt1800
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Galleon\
-------\
\
Delete the previous beta before installing this beta.\
\
Version 0.0.0 beta 9:\
---------------------\
Fixed safe viewing area option.\
Installation wizard for windows.\
Mac installation packages.\
\
Version 0.0.0 beta 8:\
---------------------\
Added option to control safe viewing area for slideshows.\
RSS reader.\
Music organizer.\
Fixed Shoutcast caching bugs.\
Added optional HMO-like music player.\
\
\
Version 0.0.0 beta 7:\
---------------------\
Added skinning support for images.\
Added CLEAR button to exit any app.\
Support streaming MP3 stations.\
Support displaying streaming meta tags.\
Shoutcast app.\
Music player settings moved to its own menu item in configuration GUI.\
Improved playlist parsing performance.\
\
\
Version 0.0.0 beta 6:\
---------------------\
Fixed ToGo database startup error.\
Music lyrics.\
Support dotted directory names.\
Went back to 1.4 JDK.\
Artist web images.\
Removed Winamp player as standalone app (now part of Music app code).\
Added HME directory for non-Galleon HME apps.\
Made ToGo a configurable app.\
Network interface test wizard.\
Support playing folders.\
Support M3U and PLS playlists (no streaming stations yet).\
\
\
Version 0.0.0 beta 5:\
---------------------\
Optimized ToGo app to be less resource intensive.\
Fixed Windows shortcut names.\
Photo thumbnail widget.\
Made multicast DNS network interface and port configurable.\
Automatically detect TiVos.\
Fixed ToGo total time.\
\
\
Version 0.0.0 beta 4:\
---------------------\
Support multiple instances of the same app.\
Fixed bug that incorrectly uniquely identified ToGo recordings.\
Right button to exit apps.\
Made album art configurable.\
Music ratings.\
Scrolling text widget for weather alerts.\
Photos app (only JPEGs currently supported)\
Configurable photo slideshow effects.\
Music while viewing slideshow.\
\
\
Version 0.0.0 beta 3:\
---------------------\
ToGo bug fixes.\
ToGo statistics.\
Music app.\
Fixed class loading bug for paths with spaces.\
Added ToGo rules configuration to main configuration file.\
Changed weather app to use arrow keys instead of menu.\
Album art.\
Music player screensaver (kicks in after 5 mins).\
\
\
Version 0.0.0 beta 2:\
---------------------\
ToGo bug fixes.\
ToGo download status bar and download speed.\
Weather app.\
\
\
Version 0.0.0 beta 1:\
---------------------\
Your TiVo needs to be running version 7.1 software.\
\
\
\
\
How to enabled HME on your TiVo DVR:\
1. Turn on HME. Navigate to System Information and press the following four keys in order : CLEAR CLEAR 0 0. Ignore the sounds.\
2. Return to TiVo Central. Note that Music and Photos changed to Music, Photos and More.\
3. Enter Music, Photos and More. \
\
Known issues:\
1. The server needs to be running for the configuration GUI to work.\
2. Most JavaHMO plugins have not been ported to Galleon yet.\
3. HME apps are deployed in the Galleon apps directory. \
4. Galleon requires JDK 1.4\
5. Sections of code have been commented out until all of the JavaHMO code is ported.\
6. Weather errors arent handled properly.\
7. Weather web links need parameters.\
8. App removal does not work.\
10. Weather currently only uses zip.\
11. When you start Galleon, it might take some time before the ToGo list is populated.\
12. Music app only plays one directory of songs at a time.\
13. TiVo sometimes reboots after using the Music app for some time.\
14. Music player generates resource not found errors.\
15. Sorting, shuffling not supported yet.\
16. Playlists not supported yet.\
17. Port 1099 required for GUI to update the server.\
18. Photo viewer automatically goes into slideshow mode; should also just have a play mode.\
19. How to handle Channel Up/Channel Dn overlap between browsing and slideshow music control?\
20. Thumbnail grid can cause "view not found" errors when you move quickly between screens.\
21. Port 7288 required for multicast DNS.\
22. Cannot select songs to play for slideshow using the music organizer.\
\
\
How to get started:\
1. Run the Galleon server by using the run.cmd script in the bin directory. Wait until you see a message about the ToGo app being registered. \
2. Run the Galleon configuration GUI using the gui.cmd script in the bin directory.\
2. Configure the ToGo recordings path and media access key using the File/Properties menu.\
3. Use the File/ToGo menu to add your TiVo IP address. (Ignore any warning messages)\
4. Add the capacity of each TiVos in GB.\
5. Click on the recordings tab and wait for the GUI to download the list of recordings.\
6. Add applications by using the File/New App menu.\
7. For each app you add, you must press the Apply button to save each app's settings.\
8. Exit from the GUI.\
9. Use your TiVo to pick ToGo recordings to download to your PC.\
10. Use left arrow or CLEAR to exit any app.\
\
\
How to play music with slideshow:\
1. Configure Music app and configure Photos app.\
2. Use your Tivo to browse into a music directory.\
3. Either play some song in that directory, or press the ENTER button.\
4. Browse into a directory in the Photos app.\
5. When slideshow starts, press Play.\
\
\
Winamp skins:\
The project has permission from the author of the Metrix Winamp classic skins (Sven Kistner) to distribute the skins with the Galleon project:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \strokec3 http://www.winamp.com/skins/browse.php?search=yes&filter=S&query=metrix\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \strokec2 \
However, for copyright reasons, the skins are not checked into the project CVS. The Galleon build script will add any *.wsz Winamp skin files\
that are in the media/winamp directory to a package build. The Galleon GUI will detect any *.wsz files that are in the media/winamp directory and will \
allow the user to pick a skin in the music app configuration screen.\
\
Download your favorite Winamp Classic skin from: \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \strokec3 http://www.winamp.com/skins\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \strokec2 \
The following skin is recommended: \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \strokec3 http://www.winamp.com/skins/details.php?id=35567\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \strokec2 \
\
(If you have Winamp installed, then don't click on the Download button on\
the Winamp page; rather use the right-click menu to do a Save As of the\
file)\
\
\
Music Player:\
Basic operations such as Play, Pause, Next, Previous and Stop are supported in this version:\
Play = Play\
Pause = Pause\
Slow = Stop\
Channel Up = Next\
Channel Down = Previous\
\
\
Running other HME apps:\
1. Copy the jar file of the app into the Galleon HME directory.\
2. Add an entry for the new app in the launcher.txt file.\
\
\
How to configure Galleon on a headless system:\
1. It is possible to remotely configure Galleon. Simply append the IP address of the PC running Galleon to the command to launch the configuration GUI.\
\
\
How to create your own skin:\
The easy way:\
1. Unzip the default skin located in the skins directory, galleon.gln.\
2. Modify the images.\
3. Zip the files (including the existing skin.xml file) and rename to *.gln.\
4. Put the skin file in the skins directory.\
5. Use the configuration GUI File/Properties menu to change the selected skin.\
The harder way:\
1. Unzip the default skin, galleon.gln.\
2. Modify the skin.xml file (it is self-documented).\
3. Zip the files (including the new skin.xml file) and rename to *.gln.\
4. Put the skin file in the skins directory.\
5. Use the configuration GUI File/Properties menu to change the selected skin.\
\
\
=====================================================\
galleon.sourceforge.net\
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \strokec3 javahmo@users.sourceforge.net\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \strokec2 \
\
}